lie
The things you lied about
At that time, the wife and Xiaoxue said
I don't want him to misunderstand
mother
Oh, I see.
Sorry.
I almost hurt my sister-in-law on a whim
Okay, let's not talk about this, let's go
I also believe it wasn't you who did it.
It can only be the Xu family
Despicable
It's all worn out now
They must have done it.
And some partners have terminated their cooperation.
Fire friends
Blossom
Then let them be proud first
Be famous directly
If you don't know, you don't have to do it yourself.
They do these wrong things
Impossible to have no trace at all
I have been responsible for checking it out.
I will check too
and
The Xu family already has some criminal evidence in my hands
I'll take it out when the time is right
A dog like this
If you don't spell
Kneel and beat him to death
He's likely to come back from the ashes
Fortunately, the royal family and the first are friends
Fortunately, this small banquet did not cause a major disaster
Interests are by no means idle
The Xu family won't be crazy for long